SCRIPT1:
Hi 
I found this phone here with your number as the only contact
I've been kidnapped and locked in a room I'm not familiar with
Someone was just asking me for directions and next thing you know I'm in this room
I need your help in escaping this room before the kidnapper kills me!
> Hello
> How do you know the kidnapper's going to kill you?
I found a note beside the phone that says I have a limited time before he kills me
He didnt say how much time I've got but I have to get out of here fast!
I'm feelings chills down my spine and I don't know where to start looking for a way out of this room...

CHOICES: go near the portrait, go near the bookshelf, check the plants, go to coffee table, come closer to the door

SCRIPT2: (bookshelf)
There's all sorts of books here, from children's books to professional books
There are also novels like Harry Potter, the Percy Jackson series, The Kite Runner, Catcher in the Rye and Number the Stars
But the ones that stand out and looks like it's been read multiple times are A Study in Scarlet, The Hound of Baskervilles, and Hamlet

CHOICES: check a study in scarlet, check the hound of baskervilles, check hamlet, go back to table

SCRIPT40:
These books stand out the most: A Study in Scarlet, The Hound of Baskervilles, and Hamlet

SCRIPT3:
I pulled out The Hound of Baskervilles and it opened to a page with highlights on "That which is clearly known hath less terror than that which is but hinted at and guessed."
What does this even mean?
Ohh wait...There's a compartment within a book looking for a password...
And a note fell down: "Which creature walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?" 
Huh?! This riddle sounds complicated...

CHOICES: continue searching bookshelf, enter solution, go back to table

SCRIPT34:
This line of the book was highlighted: "That which is clearly known hath less terror than that which is but hinted at and guessed."
There's also a note that says: "Which creature walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?"
What does this mean?

CHOICES: continue searching bookshelf, enter solution, go back to table

SCRIPT4:
That's right! A man uses four limbs as a toddler, two feet as an adult, two feet and a walking stick as an elderly.
Why did I not think of that earlier?
There's a small key here
(auto-get small key)
I wonder if this has a use somewhere...

CHOICES: continue searching bookshelf, go back to table

SCRIPT5:
No, that doesn't seem to work

CHOICES: continue searching bookshelf, enter solution, go back to table

SCRIPT6:
Nothing significant about this book except that it's about Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson

CHOICES: continue searching bookshelf, go back to table

SCRIPT7:
I opened Hamlet and it went to a page with highlights on "One may smile, and smile, and be a villain."
This sounds like a hidden note that the kidnapper left me and I'm scared...

CHOICES: continue searching bookshelf, go back to table

SCRIPT8: (plants)
I see a Peace Lily, an Areca Palm, some Birds of Paradise, and a small Bamboo plant
I can't recognize the others though
Something smells nice but I can't figure out where its coming from

CHOICES: check bottom of pots, go back to table

SCRIPT9:
There's just different types of indoor plants here and some smell I can't find the source of...

CHOICES: check bottom of pots, go back to table

SCRIPT10:
I found where the smell's coming from! Yey!
It's from a scented paper hidden under one of the pots
The paper states: "Current code: Take this number, add twelve twice, add 6 thrice, and get 52, nice"
Huh? I don't understand...
Ohh wait... There's a hidden safe right where I got the paper
Now how do I open this?

CHOICES: enter code, go back to table
(correct code = 10)

SCRIPT35:
The paper states: "Current code: Take this number, add twelve twice, add 6 thrice, and get 52, nice"

CHOICES: enter code, go back to table
(correct code = 10)

SCRIPT11:
Yes! It opened!
Pssh...I knew that was the answer, I was just checking if you know it too...
Amazing! There's a small box hidden here!
It sounds like it has something inside it
But how do I open this? There's no passcode needed or something of the like

(use key if checked the book Hound)
CHOICES: (use key), go back to table

SCRIPT12:
Oops! Wrong code! Value is between 6 and 15...

CHOICES: enter code, go back to table
(correct code = 10)

SCRIPT13:
So that was the use of the key! 
Who would have thought that that small key can be used for something in this room
Huh?? There's nothing inside this box...
It looks like a paper was recently taken out since I can see a freshly ripped piece of paper

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT14:
I found a small key, but what can I use it for?

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT15:
It's just an empty box aside from a ripped piece of paper: "Dear D..."

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT16: (coffee table)
There's a cup of coffee here
It's still a bit warm, I wonder if the kidnapper will come back for this
There's a chair right beside the table
Wait... Let me check it out...
Ohh wow! It's a recliner and made of genuine leather!
I wonder if my kidnapper is rich since he was able to afford this

CHOICES: recline the chair, go back to table

SCRIPT17:
Not much here except for a recliner made of genuine leather, must be owned by a rich person...

CHOICES: recline the chair, go back to table

SCRIPT18:
Wow! It's sooo comfortable!
This makes me want to read a book or sleep
I know I shouldn't though, so let me unrecline this chair
Huh? What's this under the handle?
There's a note carved on the leather: "What is 3/7 chicken, 2/3 cat, and a half goat?"
(CHICAGO)

CHOICES: type password, go back to table

SCRIPT36:
Note carved on the leather: "What is 3/7 chicken, 2/3 cat, and a half goat?"
What does this mean?

CHOICES: type password, go back to table

SCRIPT19:
Incorrect password... It is also a rock band, a musical, and a state

CHOICES: enter solution, go back to table

SCRIPT20:
There's a box hidden inside
There's so much pictures here and all of it has me in it!
Some pictures were from high school, but most are just recent photos
Why and how did he get these photos?
What's my relationship with the kidnapper?

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT21:
There's pictures here from my high school days until my most recent activities
How did he get these and how are we connected?

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT22: (portrait)
It looks like an image of the Abduction of Psyche
I love Greek and Roman mythology so I can tell that this is Cupid and Psyche
Ohh how I love the story of what Cupid did for his loved one
Despite the choices Psyche did, Cupid kept on loving and helping her all through-out
Maybe the kidnapper also likes their story...

CHOICES: try to take it off, go back to table, check the floor

SCRIPT23:
It's an image of the Abduction of Psyche

CHOICES: try to take it off, go back to table, check the floor

SCRIPT24:
*creaking sounds*
Ohh! There's a broken tile by my foot
It looks like it's been deliberately removed as if to hide something important
Hmm...
I was right! There's a note here: 
"If 2 + 3 = 5, 3 + 7 = 17, 4 + 5 = 19 and 5 + 8 = 37, then what is 6 + 7?"
I wonder what's this for?

CHOICES: continue checking portrait, go back to table

SCRIPT37:
The note says: "If 2 + 3 = 5, 3 + 7 = 17, 4 + 5 = 19 and 5 + 8 = 37, then what is 6 + 7?"
The number should be between 40 and 50
What's this for?
(answer 41)

CHOICES: continue checking portrait, go back to table

SCRIPT25:
There's a safe behind the portrait and its asking for a fingerprint or a code
This vault probably contains my kidnapper's secrets
Let's try to unlock it... but how?

CHOICES: enter code, go back to table

SCRIPT26:
Its asking for a fingerprint or a code
What code?

CHOICES: enter code, go back to table

SCRIPT27:
It was the wrong code... How do I open this?

CHOICES: enter code, go back to table

SCRIPT28:
It opened! You're a genius!
How did you figure out the code?... 
Inside the vault is a torn off piece of paper
It looks like a collection of quotes:
"It sucks when you know that you need to let go, but you can't, because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
I will always have this impossible little hope that you'll suddenly wake up one day and realize we're meant to be together.
I'm at such a dilemma. I want to distance myself from you, but yet, I don't want to lose you.
It hurts to let go, but sometimes it hurts more to hold on."
There's a note on the back...
"It's now time for me to let you go. I'm sorry for all the things I have done. I kidnapped you so that in some way, you will still remember the good memories we had through the photos. Whatever is surrounding is now yours. You will not see me again. Farewell!"
...
I recognize this handwriting! It's Charley's!
I can't forgive him yet but maybe time will heal my wounds...

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT29:
The vault behind the portrait had a list of quotes and a note from Charley...

CHOICES: go back to table

SCRIPT30: (table)
Note: "Be ready to be killed at any time!"
I wonder how long I've been here...

CHOICES: go near the portrait, go near the bookshelf, check the plants, go to coffee table, come closer to the door

SCRIPT31: (door)
There's an intercom here and whatever button I press, it keeps repeating: "What's my name?"
Whatever that name is I know that that's my only way out of here!

CHOICES: say the name, go back to table

SCRIPT32:
"That's not my name!!!"
*silence*

CHOICES: say the name, go back to table

SCRIPT38:
Password: "What's my name?"

CHOICES: say the name, go back to table

SCRIPT33:
It worked! The intercom responded: "Yes! That's my name!"
The door is opening! 
(A sudden sound caught you in surprise)
(You hear someone knocking on the door)
Wait what?! Was it just a dream?!
Thank god, it was just a dream!!! 

SCRIPT39:
Great job! You have completed the first part of the story.

CHOICES: continue to the next story