// ROOM 2

SCRIPT 1: 
My mom is knocking on the door.
(Door suddenly opens)
"Charley's mom called. She said to check your email as soon as possible. I should go to work, bye."
(Mom leaves and closes the door)
Wait let me check my email...
My mom was right!
There's an email from Charley's mom!
It says:
"I need your help. Do you know where Charley is?
He said he will go camping with you in the woods.
I'm worried for him. He has not texted or called me since yesterday.
He just left this note by his bed. I dont know what he meant about this. 
Please come by our house once you read this!"


//result of check email
SCRIPT 2:
The note attached in the email says:
"CALCULATE CAREFULLY... 55-25-(5-95)=?
YOU MAY NOT BELIEVEIT, BUT THIS EQUALS 5!"

CHOICES: go to Charley's house, go back to bed

//result of go back to bed
SCRIPT 3:
It feels so nice to be at my own bed
I wonder if there's a continuation to my dream earlier?

CHOICES: check email

SCRIPT 4:
You're right, maybe I should go to Charley's house first.
(At Charley's house)
There's no answer when I ring the doorbell...
The door is open so I'll just go in
Ohh, there's a note here by the entrance: 
"Just check Charley's bedroom. - Charley's mom"

CHOICES: examine the room, go back home

SCRIPT 5:
There's nothing unusual in his room.
Things are as I remember them...
Except for the box in his bed!
Oh! Something is needed to open this box.
It's looking for a code

CHOICES: enter code, check email again, go back home

SCRIPT6:
I need a code to open the box
I wonder what it is...

//answer != 120
SCRIPT 7:
Incorrect password...

CHOICES: enter the answer, check email by phone, go back home

SCRIPT 8:
Ahaahh!! It opened.
There is a paper that has an address in it.
Maybe this is were Charley is.
ADDRESS: Paravinci's Italian Bistro, 2802 Colorado Avenue, Colorado Springs, CO 80904, United States
It's not that far from here.
I should head for it immediately.
(Paravinci's Italian Bistro)
I can't find him... Let me ask the waiter
Hi! I'm looking for Charley. Is he here?
Waiter: "Hello! Sorry he's not here but he told me to give this if ever someone looks for him. Here you go"
The waiter handed me a suitcase with a lock and a note.
The note says: "If Mercury=1167, Venus=2145, Earth=3165, Mars=4164, Saturn=6246, then Jupiter=?"

CHOICES: type the answer

SCRIPT 9:
I got the suitcase with a lock.
The note says: "If Mercury=1167, Venus=2145, Earth=3165, Mars=4164, Saturn=6246, then Jupiter=?"

CHOICES: type the answer

//answer != 5247
SCRIPT 10:
Wrong answer... 

SCRIPT 11:
Finally it opened. 
There is a piece of paper here that says "Pikes Peak, High Point, El Paso County, Colorado, United States"
Is he playing games with me now? What is he up to? 
I should go directly so that my questions would be answered.
(Pikes Peak)
"Surprise!!!"
It's Charley.
What is this all about Charley?
We are worried sick about you. Don't you realize that?
"Oh I'm sorry. I just find this place as the perfect one to do this."
To do what?!
(Charley kneels down on one knee)
"I've known you my whole life. We experienced many things together. Even the challenges of life, we surpassed it together."
"You brought color in my darkest times. You gave meaning to my life."
"And now I know this is the right time for this."
"Demetria Devonne Jonas, will you spend the rest of your life with me? Will you marry me?"
Yess!! A hundred times yes!
Why do I have to go through a lot of challenges and riddles just to be engaged to someone I love?"
"HAHAHAHA! I bet  you'd say that :)"

SCRIPT 12:
Congratulations!! You've finished the story.
